Rescue downed Efreti crew and salvage ship (#8388)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath missions.txt

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

substitutions
	<EDC-ship> "Esketari"

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 1"
	name "Investigate distress call"
	description "The Quarg have asked you investigate an Efreti distress call in <destination>."
	source "Karek Fornati"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Laki Nemparu"
	passengers 40
	landing
	blocked "A Quarg ship broadcasts that they need a ship with at least <bunks> bunks for an emergency evacuation."

> 	to offer

Reviewer: Yeah and offet it on all of their worlds, too?
With minor too ofc

			`	When you manage to open the hatch, you find yourself staring down a thermal rifle. The Korath shouts something at you and you hold your hands out palms forward. He limps back a few steps but keeps the weapon trained on you. You slowly pull your communicator out and play your ship's recording of the Quarg transmission. When the Korath hears the Quarg's voice they become excited. "Laki Nemparu?" he asks repeatedly. You nod your head and show your palms again.`
			`	He leads you into the ship, shouting into a communication device that is then picked up on speakers throughout the ship. You can only glance around as you move through the engineering section but it's clear their System Core was destroyed and left them stranded.`
			`	The living area is a makeshift hospital. You don't see any bodies, but there are far fewer Korath here than you would expect to crew a ship of this size. It's clear that all the surviving crew are injured to some degree with more than half incapacitated or unconscious. Even if if the ship is spaceworthy, there aren't enough crew to fly it.`

> 			`	You quickly count the number of surviors and communicate to your guide that you can take them all. He mimics your nodding head gesture and shows you his plams and makes quick cirlcles. You think he is agreeing and wants to hurry. You call your crew over to help move the survivors to the <ship>. Within a couple of hours you are ready to go.`

Reviewer 2: Same w/ line 363

> 	on complete

Reviewer: You need to define the event too, even if empty

		payment 3000000
		conversation
			`The Efreti commander hails the authorities once you enter the system and they have medical crews waiting when you land. It takes several hours to evacute the injured as doctors or maybe paramedics swarm over them to triage, treat, and prepare for transport. The three who died during the flight are treated with respect and carried off the <ship>.`

> 			`	When you make it to the spaceport you find a message from the Quarg. "Bold Human! With profuse thanks we offer you for helping the stranded Korath when we could not. The Korath ever mourn the loss of their worlds and from time to time brave the dangers to seek what they can salvage among the ruins and to seek out those where they may one day live again. For the young, this gives them hope, but sometimes they are caught and the Efreti are reminded why they live crushed together around these few stars."`

Reviewer 3: Just adding commas really helps, i think:

> The Korath ever mourn the loss of their worlds, and, from time to time, brave the dangers to seek what they can salvage among the ruins, and to seek out those where they may one day live again.

It still has the formal and grandiose _thing_ the Quarg do in their speech, particularly when they don't fully master the human language, but doesn't feel quite as run on. That last "and to seek out..." still has an off, run on feeling about it, but that's fine. Fits with their human language skills, like the start of that paragraph, imo.

			`	Your communicator notifies you of a payment of <payment>.`

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 2"
	name "Recover the fallen"
	description "Recover the bodies of the dead Korath on <stopovers> and return them to <destination>."
	source "Laki Nemparu"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Karek Fornati"
	landing

	to offer

> 		has "Efreti: Distress Call 1: done"

Reviewer 4: You have a double space in there.

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`A delegation of Korath approach you somewhat hesitantly in the spaceport. They are dressed in what appears to be much finer clothing than most of the Korath you have met, certainly nothing you would wear to do work in a spaceport. As they make the traditional gesture of greeting, which you return, you are curious both as to what they want and how they will ask.`

Reviewer 5: This sounds like a little time has passed from the previous mission. Right now, this will immediately pop up after completing the conversation of the previous mission. There should probably be an event to spread them out, even if just for a few days.

			`	The crew makes a last sweep to move debris, both to assess for repairs later and to make sure you haven't missed anyone, or parts of them. You clean and disinfect as best you can and return to your ship for the trip to <destination>.`

	on complete
		conversation
			`A crowd pours out of the spaceport when you land. It takes some time for the workers to establish barricades and clear a path so the transports can get to your cargo hold. A team in uniform greets you formally when you open the hatch. You count the coffins together and show them the boxes of possessions.`
			`	The officer thanks you and hands you a data chip that vaguely reminds you of a license.`
			`	The crowd has been somber, but when the first coffin leaves your ship, they erupt in a cachophony of barking sounds. Some Korath try to rush forward but are held back by others, you presume their family.`
			`	You go back inside your ship rather than intrude on their grief. You slot the data chip into your systems but the information is in Korath. You set it aside and talk to your engineer about the condition of the Korath ship in preparation for salvaging it.`

> ship "Charm-Shallop" "Charm-Shallop Distressed"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ship "Charm-Shallop" "Charm-Shallop (Distressed)"
```
Usually we write it like this

	outfits
		"Warder Anti-Missile"
		"Banisher Grav-Turret"
		
		"Double Plasma Core"
		"Generator (Candle Class)"
		"Large Heat Shunt"
		"Fuel Processor"
		"Thermal Repeater Rifle" 66
		
		"Gaktem GP Hybrid Thruster"
		"Gaktem GP Hybrid Steering"

> 		"Scram Drive"

Reviewer: What about a single plasma core, with the idea of the other half having exploded or at least not being usable
I didnt try to fly the ship but it should still be able to without much trouble. Rn it'd be a walk in the park.

The other alternative would be to give it too little heat management? Both would make this ship seem damaged.

Reviewer 6: I don't have any other ideas about implementation, but this would be a good idea to consider.

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 3"
	name "Salvage ship"
	description "Salvage the Korath ship."
	source "Karek Fornati"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Karek Fornati"
	landing
	passengers 66
	blocked "You need to be able to carry <bunks> additional crew to salvage the ship. Return here when you have sufficient crew capacity."

	npc
		system "Seketra"
		fleet "Small Kor Mereti" 2
		government "Kor Mereti"
		personality	
			staying

	to offer
		has "Efreti: Distress Call 2: done"

	on stopover
		conversation

> 			`Thanks to your engineer's work the atmosphere on the ship is to Human standards if a bit tropical. Your crew works on repairs and getting familiar with the ship. With it's strong hull it appears space worthy but your engineer tells you that you have no weapons, shield regeneration or battery. If the Mereti attack, you are a sitting duck.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`Thanks to your engineer's work the atmosphere on the ship is to Human standards if a bit tropical. Your crew works on repairs and getting familiar with the ship. With it's strong hull it appears spaceworthy but your engineer tells you that you have no weapons, shield regeneration or battery. If the Mereti attack, you are a sitting duck.`
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`Thanks to your engineer's work the atmosphere on the ship is to Human standards, if a bit tropical. Your crew works on repairs and getting familiar with the ship. With it's strong hull it appears spaceworthy but your engineer tells you that you have no weapons, shield regeneration or battery. If the Mereti attack, you are a sitting duck.`
```
A slight further tweak.

Reviewer 6: Both are good suggestions, with LorenzoBolla's also including a comma that improves the first sentence, so I'd recommend applying that one.

			choice

> 				`	(Make a run for it)`

Reviewer 5: Both of these options seem like the same thing to me at first glance. "Making a run for it" sounds like I'm leaving the ship behind. The first option should mention how you're bringing the ship with, or waiting for the repairs to be completed, or something.

					goto runforit
				`	(Abandon the ship)`
					goto abandon
			
			label abandon
			action
				fail
			`	Your crew abandons the Korath ship the elements. One more tragic story amid the ruins of their civilisation.`
				flee
			
			label runforit
			action
				# Ship name should match the <EDC-ship> substitution above.

> 				give ship "Charm-Shallop Distressed" "Esketari"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				give ship "Charm-Shallop (Distressed)" "Esketari"
```
I guess you cant use a substitution here?

			`	You manage to bring the shield, at least initially, using the <ship>. Your crew on the <EDC-ship> take their stations as you prepare to evade Mereti patrols on your way to <destination>.`
				launch
	
	on complete
		conversation
			`There are no crowds waiting for you when you land. Rather the ground crews seem astonished to see the ship. It takes you some time to arrange for repairs but at least they are familiar with the ship. When you come out you see a pavilion has been set up near the <EDC-ship> and small groups of Korath periodically stop by.`
			choice
				`	(Check it out.)`
				`	(I've got places to be.)`
					decline
				

> 			`	The tent is larger than you expected. At the back there is a group of Korath arragned like a choir, but standing oddly still. A Korath in some kind of robes stands next to a table piled with sweets can cups of some kind of thick drink. As you approach, you realize that the "choir" is made of holograms. You do a quick mental count and guess that these are the Korath that died on the ship; this is probably some type of memorial. The Korath in robes greets you and presses a cup into your hand. It is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste that leaves you lips and mouth tingling and then numb. They press the sweets on you so you take them. You see a few groups from the spaceport follow the same ritual, though some of them walk up to the "choir" and say something to them. When you finish the food, you take your leave and return to your ship.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	The tent is larger than you expected. At the back there is a group of Korath arranged like a choir, but standing oddly still. A Korath in some kind of robes stands next to a table piled with sweets can cups of some kind of thick drink. As you approach, you realize that the "choir" is made of holograms. You do a quick mental count and guess that these are the Korath that died on the ship; this is probably some type of memorial. The Korath in robes greets you and presses a cup into your hand. It is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste that leaves you lips and mouth tingling and then numb. They press the sweets on you so you take them. You see a few groups from the spaceport follow the same ritual, though some of them walk up to the "choir" and say something to them. When you finish the food, you take your leave and return to your ship.`
```

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

substitutions
	<EDC-ship> "Esketari"

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 1"
	name "Investigate distress call"

> 	description "The Quarg have asked you investigate an Efreti distress call in <destination>."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	description "The Quarg have asked you to investigate an Efreti distress call on <planet stopovers>."
```

	source "Karek Fornati"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Laki Nemparu"
	passengers 40
	landing
	minor

> 	random < 30

Author: moved.

	blocked "A Quarg ship broadcasts that they need a ship with at least <bunks> bunks for an emergency evacuation."

	to offer
		not "event: wanderers: kor mereti friendly"
		has "First Contact: Karek Fornati: offered"
		
	on offer
		conversation
			`The blue flash of Quarg ships is nothing new as you travel Efreti space. Usually that is all you see of the enigmatic aliens. Today, however, you receive an urgent hail as you land.`
			`	"Salutations Captain of the <ship>. Your most diligent efforts are required lest many families mourn the dead. An Efreti ship, the <EDC-ship>, was surveying <stopovers> when surprised by Mereti they were. Their ship crashed on the planet with many dead and they have asked for help to evacuate."`
			choice
				`	"I'll go there immediately."`
					accept
				`	"Can't the Quarg respond?"`
					goto quarg
				`	"I don't care about the Korath."`
					goto careless
			
			label quarg

> 			`	"We fought off the Mereti that attacked them but they had crashed before we could reach them. The gravity on that world requires us to have hardened environment suits to navigate wreckage while a Human would have few problems. You can reach them days before we could return from Kuwaru Efreti."`

Author: > The Quarg seem to have gone from "salutations," in the previous line to just speaking the same way as anyone else might?

I will rework this to match the style. With regards to changing Human to lowercase, every other species is identified as a proper noun by capitalization, why would we not do so when a Quarg is speaking?

> 			`	"We fought off the Mereti that attacked them but they had crashed before we could reach them. The gravity on that world requires us to have hardened environment suits to navigate wreckage while a Human would have few problems. You can reach them days before we could return from Kuwaru Efreti."`

Reviewer 2: Could you provide some examples of this? I don't recall seeing human capitalized; I think it would be good to keep this consistent with the rest of the game.

> 			`	"We fought off the Mereti that attacked them but they had crashed before we could reach them. The gravity on that world requires us to have hardened environment suits to navigate wreckage while a Human would have few problems. You can reach them days before we could return from Kuwaru Efreti."`

Author: First contact with the Quarg in Efreti space: you think you recognize the word "Humani," and perhaps, "Eartha."
First contact with the Quarg they capitalize every species listed: We cannot step many steps on the worlds that the Hai, the Korath, the other species desire.

			choice
				`	"I'll go help, then."`
					accept
				`	"I won't risk my ship for the Korath."`
					goto careless

			label careless

> 			`	The Quarg is silent for some time. Eventually it responds, "Life is rare and precious across the vastness of space. Look about the Korath worlds and see what remains when one cares not what others suffer."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The Quarg is silent for some time. Eventually, it responds, "Life is rare and precious across the vastness of space. Look about the Korath worlds and see what remains when one cares not what others suffer."`
```

> This is a strange thing to say: the Korath did that to themselves.
If it means that no one helped them, it's a rather damning indictment of the Quarg's own actions, or lack thereof, in that time.

This can also refer to the Korath not caring about others within their own race, right? I think it makes sense in that context.

				decline

	on stopover
		conversation
			`It takes you some time to find the <EDC-ship>. You had expected a beacon of some sort but they are either keeping radio silence to avoid drawing the Mereti or there were no survivors.`

> 			`	When you manage to open the hatch, you find yourself staring down a thermal rifle. The Korath shouts something at you and you hold your hands out palms forward. He limps back a few steps but keeps the weapon trained on you. You slowly pull your communicator out and play your ship's recording of the Quarg transmission. When the Korath hears the Quarg's voice they become excited. "Laki Nemparu?" he asks repeatedly. You nod your head and show your palms again.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	When you manage to open the hatch, you find yourself staring down a thermal rifle. The Korath shouts something at you and you hold your hands out palms forward. He limps back a few steps but keeps the weapon trained on you. You slowly pull your communicator out and play your ship's recording of the Quarg transmission. When the Korath hears the Quarg's voice they become excited. "<planet>?" he asks repeatedly. You nod your head and show your palms again.`
```

			`	He leads you into the ship, shouting into a communication device that is then picked up on speakers throughout the ship. You can only glance around as you move through the engineering section but it's clear they are running on emergency power and their Systems Core was destroyed leaving them stranded.`

> 			`	The living area is a makeshift hospital. You don't see any bodies, but there are far fewer Korath here than you would expect to crew a ship of this size. It's clear that all the surviving crew are injured to some degree with more than half incapacitated or unconscious. Even if if the ship is spaceworthy, there aren't enough crew to fly it.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The living area is a makeshift hospital. You don't see any bodies, but there are far fewer Korath here than you would expect to crew a ship of this size. It's clear that all the surviving crew are injured to some degree with more than half incapacitated or unconscious. Even if the ship is spaceworthy, there aren't enough crew to fly it.`
```

> 			`	You quickly count the number of surviors and communicate to your guide that you can take them all. He mimics your nodding head gesture and shows you his plams and makes quick cirlcles. You think he is agreeing and wants to hurry. You call your crew over to help move the survivors to the <ship>. Within a couple of hours you are ready to go.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You quickly count the number of survivors and communicate to your guide that you can take them all. He mimics your nodding head gesture and shows you his palms and makes quick circles. You think he is agreeing and wants to hurry. You call your crew over to help move the survivors to the <ship>. Within a couple of hours you are ready to go.`
```

	
	on complete

> 		payment 3000000

Reviewer 2: Is this payment from the Efreti or Quarg? Seems a little large for the Efreti - I'm wondering if they could afford that. I wrote previous missions characterizing the Efreti as insistent on paying you, even if it wasn't a lot (see Korath Family to Ringworld mission). If that characterization still exists in-game, think that's something that makes sense to touch on here?

Reviewer 6: There's something of a trade-off here. If we pay the player too little, then it pushes the player towards capture/salvage.

On the other hand, payment is an important story tool for conveying information to the player, just like other things.

3M seems a bit high for the way Efreti have been portrayed in the past, so I'd suggest dropping it. Perhaps about to about 1M? 

That being said, splitting it up so that the Efreti rescued here pay you some about, maybe even less than 1M - but then the Quarg quietly "top it up" to something more significant, perhaps even up to the 3M listed here shortly afterwards. Maybe a day or two later. This both contributes to the portrayal of the Efreti as both wanting to pay and unable to pay very much, while reinforcing the Quarg's interesting in rewarding the protagonist for friendly / aiding behavior, which seems both in keeping for their role in protecting the Efreti and their overall interest in promoting peace.

Reviewer 8: A more interesting alternative is to "pay" the player with ship outfits. That can only work if the payment is made at a planet with an outfitter. Otherwise, if it ends up in the planetary storage, you have no way to get it back.

		conversation
			`The Efreti commander hails the authorities once you enter the system and they have medical crews waiting when you land. It takes several hours to evacute the injured as doctors or maybe paramedics swarm over them to triage, treat, and prepare for transport. The three who died during the flight are treated with respect and carried off the <ship>.`

> 			`	When you make it to the spaceport you find a message from the Quarg. "Bold Human! With profuse thanks we offer you for helping the stranded Korath. The Korath ever mourn the loss of their worlds, and, from time to time, brave the dangers to seek what they can salvage among the ruins, and to seek out those where they may one day live again. For the young, this gives them hope, but sometimes they are caught and the Efreti are reminded why they live crushed together around these few stars."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	When you make it to the spaceport, you find a message from the Quarg. "Bold Human! With profuse thanks we offer you for helping the stranded Korath. The Korath ever mourn the loss of their worlds, and, from time to time, brave the dangers to seek what they can salvage among the ruins, and to seek out those where they may one day live again. For the young, this gives them hope, but sometimes they are caught and the Efreti are reminded why they live crushed together around these few stars."`
```

			`	Your communicator notifies you of a payment of <payment>.`

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 2"
	name "Recover the fallen"
	description "Recover the bodies of the dead Korath on <stopovers> and return them to <destination>."
	source "Laki Nemparu"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Karek Fornati"
	landing

	to offer
		has "Efreti: Distress Call 1: done"

	on offer
		conversation
			`You are relaxing at a spaceport restaurant now that the evaucation is complete when a delegation of Korath approach you somewhat hesitantly. They are dressed in what appears to be much finer clothing than most of the Korath you have met, certainly nothing you would wear to do work in a spaceport. As they make the traditional gesture of greeting, which you return, you are curious both as to what they want and how they will ask.`
			`	One of them takes a small case out of a pocket and removes a black device that looks like three triangles hooked together. He hisses at it for a moment and then it rises out of his hand. The air around it begins to shimmer and soon a life size hologram of a Quarg appears.`

> 			`	"Salutations, far traveller," the Quarg rumbles. "These Korath-Friends are the princes of the clan-company that you have assisted. They thank you for your aid in saving their children and grandchildren. While most grateful they are for the living, they cannot fully mourn the dead who lie on <stopovers>. They ask me to ask that you travel there and bring their lost ones home to <destination>."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Salutations, far traveler," the Quarg rumbles. "These Korath-Friends are the princes of the clan-company that you have assisted. They thank you for your aid in saving their children and grandchildren. While most grateful they are for the living, they cannot fully mourn the dead who lie on <planet stopovers>. They ask me to ask that you travel there and bring their lost ones home to <planet>."`
```

			choice
				`	"I will bring them home."`
					goto home
				`	"I will if they pay me."`
					goto pay
				`	"I won't risk my ship for the dead."`
					goto refuse

			label home
			`	You hadn't realized how tense the group was until you saw them relax as your words reach them. They seem relieved at your answer.`
				goto title

			label refuse
			`	You see the leader of the group visibly sag as the Quarg translates your words. Two younger Korath bear him up as the group turns and leaves.`
				decline

			label pay

> 			`	A ripple of what appears to be dissatisfaction passes through the group, but their leader silences them with a gesture.`

Reviewer 2: See what I said earlier about the Korath being proud about paying. This doesn't seem to mesh w/ that.

			label title

> 			`	The leader turns and speaks to you directly. His eyes never waver from yours even as you wait for the translation. "Many ship skills work parent-child to learn. For some families, three generations are lost. We will not try to salvage the body box of our kin, for none can bear to fly it. We offer you title to salvage the <EDC-ship> and carry our grief far from here."`

Reviewer 2: This also might be a bit too confusing for the player. I think making this Quarg-speak a little closer to usual English structure might help with understanding as well.

				accept

	on stopover
		conversation
			`You enter the <EDC-ship> wearing environment suits. It's been several days since the crash and Korath ships run hot. This will be an upleasant task in the suits and perhaps impossible without them.`

> 			`	While your engineer works on refreshing the atmosphere with outsite air, the rest of the crew gathers the bodies and places them in the fibrous, vaguely egg-shapped coffins the Korath provided. As you move them to your cargo bay, you find they stack together like a clutch of eggs in a nest.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	While your engineer works on refreshing the atmosphere with outside air, the rest of the crew gathers the bodies and places them in the fibrous, vaguely egg-shapped coffins the Korath provided. As you move them to your cargo bay, you find they stack together like a clutch of eggs in a nest.`
```

			`	The crew makes a last sweep to move debris, both to assess for repairs later and to make sure you haven't missed anyone, or parts of them. You clean and disinfect as best you can and return to your ship for the trip to <destination>.`

	on complete
		conversation
			`A crowd pours out of the spaceport when you land. It takes some time for the workers to establish barricades and clear a path so the transports can get to your cargo hold. A team in uniform greets you formally when you open the hatch. You count the coffins together and show them the boxes of possessions.`
			`	The officer thanks you and hands you a data chip that vaguely reminds you of a license.`
			`	The crowd has been somber, but when the first coffin leaves your ship, they erupt in a cachophony of barking sounds. Some Korath try to rush forward but are held back by others, you presume their family.`
			`	You go back inside your ship rather than intrude on their grief. You slot the data chip into your systems but the information is in Korathi. You set it aside and work on a salvage plan.`

> 			`	As you review your notes on the ship and the number of crew they were carrying, it's clear that you will need to carry at least 66 additional crew that you can communicate with to be able to salvage the <EDC-ship>. The closest system where you can find that many Human speakers is on Greeenwater in Hai space.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	As you review your notes on the ship and the number of crew they were carrying, it's clear that you will need to carry at least 66 additional crew that you can communicate with to be able to salvage the <EDC-ship>. The closest system where you can find that many Human speakers is on Greenwater in Hai space.`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	As you review your notes on the ship and the number of crew they were carrying, it's clear that you will need to carry at least 66 additional crew that you can communicate with to be able to salvage the <EDC-ship>. The closest system where you can find that many human speakers is on Greenwater in Hai space.`
```

> mission "Efreti: Distress Call 3"

Reviewer 2: Since we're picking up the 66 people in this mission and you mentioned the requirement in the previous mission, it probably makes sense to have the bunks requirement begin in this mission.

	name "Pick up salvage crew"

> 	description "Pick up salvage crew."

Reviewer 4: Just repeating the title isn't really much of a description.

Author: Changed to: "Hire crew to salvage Efreti ship."

	source "Karek Fornati"
	destination "Greenwater"
	landing
	
	to offer
		has "Efreti: Distress Call 2: done"
	
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`For all the stories about how the Hai like change and excitement, not many are interested in travelling into the territory of a species that raided their worlds in living memory to salvage a ship that has already been caught in the crossfire of the Mereti and Sestor war.`

Reviewer 4: This is a rather long sentence.

> 			`	Fortunately, there are plenty of Humans who are willing to risk it for the right pay, even given the comfortable life they have in Hai space. You show the new crew members to their bunks and prepare to salvage the <EDC-ship>.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Fortunately, there are plenty of humans who are willing to risk it for the right pay, even given the comfortable life they have in Hai space. You show the new crew members to their bunks and prepare to salvage the <EDC-ship>.`
```

ship "Charm-Shallop" "Charm-Shallop (Distressed)"
	outfits
		"Warder Anti-Missile"
		"Banisher Grav-Turret"
		
		"Generator (Candle Class)"
		"Large Heat Shunt"
		"Fuel Processor"
		"Thermal Repeater Rifle" 66
		
		"Gaktem GP Hybrid Thruster"
		"Gaktem GP Hybrid Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 4"
	name "Salvage ship"
	description "Salvage the Korath ship."
	source "Greenwater"
	stopover "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Karek Fornati"
	landing

> 	passengers 66

Reviewer 4: Given that this uses a stopover, I will still have these 66 passengers after collecting the ship.
I'm fairly sure the ship will come fully crewed when it is given, but I have not checked.

	blocked "You need to be able to carry <bunks> additional crew to salvage the ship. Return here when you have sufficient crew capacity."

	npc
		system "Seketra"
		fleet "Small Kor Mereti" 2
		government "Kor Mereti"
		personality	
			staying

	to offer
		has "Efreti: Distress Call 3: done"

	on stopover
		conversation

> 			`Thanks to your engineer's work the atmosphere on the ship is to Human standards, if a bit tropical. Your crew works on repairs and getting familiar with the ship. With it's strong hull it appears spaceworthy but your engineer tells you that you have no weapons, shield regeneration or battery. If the Mereti attack, you are a sitting duck.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`Thanks to your engineer's work, the atmosphere on the ship is to human standards, if a bit tropical. Your crew works on repairs and getting familiar with the ship. Its strong hull appears spaceworthy, but your engineer tells you that you have no weapons, shield regeneration or battery. If the Mereti attack, you are a sitting duck.`
```

			choice
				`	(Fly the <EDC-ship> home)`
					goto runforit
				`	(Abandon the ship)`
					goto abandon
			
			label abandon
			action
				fail

> 			`	Your crew abandons the Korath ship the elements. One more tragic story amid the ruins of their civilisation.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Your crew abandons the Korath ship to the elements, just one more tragic story amid the ruins of their civilization.`
```

				flee
			
			label runforit
			action
				# Ship name should match the <EDC-ship> substitution above.
				give ship "Charm-Shallop (Distressed)" "Esketari"
			`	You manage to bring up the shields, at least initially, using the <ship>. Your crew on the <EDC-ship> take their stations as you prepare to evade Mereti patrols on your way to <destination>.`
				launch
	
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`There are no crowds waiting for you when you land. Rather the ground crews seem astonished to see the ship. It takes you some time to arrange for repairs but at least they are familiar with the ship. When you come out you see a pavilion has been set up near the <EDC-ship> and small groups of Korath periodically stop by.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`There are no crowds waiting for you when you land; rather, the ground crews seem astonished to see the ship. It takes you some time to arrange for repairs. By the time you're finished, you see a pavilion has been set up near the <EDC-ship> and small groups of Korath periodically stop by.`
```

			choice
				`	(Check it out.)`
				`	(I've got places to be.)`
					decline
				

> 			`	The tent is larger than you expected. At the back there is a group of Korath arranged like a choir, but standing oddly still. A Korath in some kind of robes stands next to a table piled with sweets and cups of some kind of thick drink. As you approach, you realize that the "choir" is made of holograms. You do a quick mental count and guess that these are the Korath that died on the ship; this is probably some type of memorial. The Korath in robes greets you and presses a cup into your hand. It is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste that leaves you lips and mouth tingling and then numb. They press the sweets on you so you take them. You see a few groups from the spaceport follow the same ritual, though some of them walk up to the "choir" and say something to them. When you finish the food, you take your leave and return to your ship.`

Reviewer 4: I feel like I'm usually given a choice about drinking alien beverages, often even human ones.

`The Korath in robes greets you and presses a cup into your hand. It is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste that leaves you lips and mouth tingling and then numb.`
The cup is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The tent is larger than you expected. At the back, there is a group of Korath arranged like a choir, but standing oddly still. A Korath wearing some kind of robe stands next to a table piled with sweets and cups of some kind of thick drink. As you approach, you realize that the "choir" is made of holograms. You do a quick mental count and guess that these are the Korath that died on the ship; this is probably some type of memorial. The Korath in robes greets you and presses a cup into your hand. It is fermented and has a sweet and sour taste that leaves your lips and mouth tingling and then numb. They press the sweets on you so you take them. You see a few groups from the spaceport follow the same ritual, though some of them walk up to the "choir" and say something to them. When you finish the food, you take your leave and return to your ship.`
```

Author: Robes is frequently  plural even when the subject is singular. You can see several examples here: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/example/english/robe

I've fixed the reference to the cup.

mission "Efreti: Distress Call 5"

> 	name "Translate Title"

Reviewer 4: Title? What makes me think it's any sort of title?

Reviewer 2: This is mentioned in the original offer for this chain where the Quarg translates.

Author: The data chip is described as reminding you of a license. This was to hint that it might be a legal document of some kind. However, this is an invisible mission, so I don't think the player will ever be exposed to any confusion from the name.

	description "Translate the Korath data chip."
	source "Kuwaru Efreti"
	invisible
	landing

	to offer
		has "Efreti: Distress Call 4: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Quarg have translated the Korath language for you in the past. Would you like to see if they will tell you what the data chip says?`
			choice
				`	(Ask the Quarg to translate the data chip.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
				`	(I really don't care what it says.)`
					decline
			

> 			`	You approach one of the Quarg in the spaceport. It stops and acknowledges you but doesn't speak. It pauses for a few moments after you make your request but then holds out its hand. It takes the data chip and slots it into a communicator of some sort, It then nods to itself and hands you back the chip.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You approach one of the Quarg in the spaceport. It stops and acknowledges you but doesn't speak. It pauses for a few moments after you make your request but then holds out its hand. It takes the data chip and slots it into a communicator of some sort. It then nods to itself and hands you back the chip.`
```

> 			`	You plug the chip into your own device and see two files. On opening the second one your read, "Belonging this ship, <EDC-ship>, to alien Human <first> <last>. Grateful from those they helped. Stranded ones thank. Grieving ones thank."`

Reviewer 4: This Quarg's got a really terrible translator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You plug the chip into your own device and see two files: one in the Korath language, one in your own. You open the file in your language, and it reads: "Belonging this ship, <EDC-ship>, to alien human <first> <last>. Grateful from those they helped. Stranded ones thank. Grieving ones thank."`
```
